If you could relive a year in your life, what age would you choose?
What is your favorite memory of us dating?
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in ONLY 3 words?
What's another career that you think you'd love?
What was your favorite date you've ever had with me?
What do you attribute the biggest successes in your life to? How about your largest failures?
In what ways are we the same?
In what ways are we different?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
What's a question you've always wanted to ask me, but never have?
What's something you've always wanted to tell someone, and why? (and who?)
In what ways have I changed since we first met?
Is there anything I can do to show you love better?
If safety wasn't a concern, which natural phenomenon/disaster would you want to experience?
Who is one person in your life that you have a lot of respect for? Why?
If you had one mantra to live by, what would it be?
What is your favorite thing that I do in bed?
What's something you're glad you'll never have to do again?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained one quality or ability, what would it be?
Is there something that you've dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?
What is your idea of a romantic night with me?
Am I a safe person for you to talk to? If not, how can I improve?
If I were to die suddenly today, what is one thing you would want me to know?
When did you first know you loved me?
What is your biggest fear?
What do you feel you're best at?
What would constitute a perfect day for you?
If you could change one thing about your looks, what would it be?
What is the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
What's a new hobby you'd like to try?
What physical feature do you like about me the most?
What is one of your favorite memories from childhood?
If you could live anywhere in the world for just one year, where would you live?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
What makes you feel overwhelmed at work?
What would you like more of in our relationship?
If a child somehow survived and grew up in the wilderness without any human contact, how "human" would they be without the influence of society and culture?
Do you think you would make a good food critic?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to have as a dinner guest?
What turns you on most?
Is intelligence or wisdom more useful?
If you could meet one famous person, who would it be?
Where does your self-worth come from?
Which of your parents are you most like?
How do you want to be remembered after you die?
What do you believe you are capable of achieving?
When was a time that you felt really close to me?
The Final Question: Nuclear war has ravaged our city. It's not longer safe. We've just been told that we have 3 days to move before toxicity levels reach deadly. Where are we going?